You own a hundred shares of Tesla.
Every year you get to vote on who runs the company, on the C E O's pay, on whether to move to Texas.
And every year, seventy percent of retail shareholders skip the vote.
Because the proxy statement is a hundred pages of legalese.
Robinhood Chain is about to bring fifty million retail investors on-chain through tokenized stocks.
If we do nothing, that participation gap is amplified one thousand times.
SpeakUp closes it.
Before it forms.
This is the live demo, running on Cloudflare.
The header chip says DEMO, so you can explore the whole flow without setting up a wallet.
Three real tickers.
Tesla, Amazon, Netflix.
Each one a live Stock Token on Robinhood Chain testnet.
Open Tesla.
Seven proposals up for vote at the twenty twenty-five annual meeting.
Take item one.
The directors up for re-election.
Management says yes.
I S S, the largest independent proxy advisor, says no.
Glass Lewis, the second largest, says no.
SpeakUp's Advisor agent reads the full filing, weighs your stated preferences against both, and recommends AGAINST.
High confidence.
Three lines.
That's the whole decision.
Now item two.
The one that matters.
The fifty-six billion dollar Musk performance package.
The Delaware court tore it up in twenty twenty-four.
Now it's being re-voted.
Largest C E O compensation package in U S history.
SpeakUp recommends AGAINST.
I S S agrees.
Glass Lewis agrees.
You tap once and move on.
Every vote becomes an on-chain attestation on Robinhood Chain.
The Registry contract is verified on Blockscout.
Eight transaction hashes are documented in the repo, proving the full deploy plus vote plus acknowledge cycle.
One signature records all your decisions.
A mock relayer bridges to Broadridge in production.
Three things we want judges to take away.
One.
We built directly on Robinhood Chain, with their native Stock Tokens, not a wrapper.
Two.
The product is three specialized Anthropic agents.
Reader.
Advisor.
Executor.
The core, not a sidecar.
Three.
Tokenized equity governance is the unwritten chapter in Robinhood Chain's own roadmap.
There is no incumbent.
SpeakUp is competing for the Robinhood Overall slot, Best Agentic Project, and a seat at Founder House London.
Code on GitHub at i w b i n b slash speakup.
Live at speak up dot vote.
Give every on-chain shareholder a voice.
Thank you.